# Algorithms for Minimum Cost Seed Selection
This repository stores the technical report of the paper titled "Efficient Approximation Algorithms for Minimum Cost Seed Selection with Probabilistic Coverage Guarantee", and the code of the algorithms in the paper.

## Running Environment
Linux-based OS. The algorithms are implemented in C++ and compiled with g++. The version of C++ should be at least c++11.

## Preparations
### 1. Graph Formation
To accelerate reading large graphs, we adopt the serialized format to reformat each graph. To reformat the original graph, please execute the command:

`./run -format_graph 1`

Similarly, to reformat the reverse graph, please execute

 `./run -format_graph 2`
 
 By default, the parameter format_graph is 0. That is, do not reformat the graph.
### 2. User Costs Generation
Based on the reformated graph, we generate the cost of engaging each user into the campaign. 

For the random cost model, i.e., $c(u)\sim U(0,1)$, the costs can be generated by

`./Gene_cost -Rnd_cost 1`

For the degree-based cost model, i.e., $c(u)=0.01(d_{\text{in}}(u)+1)$, the costs can be generated by 

`./Gene_cost -Rnd_cost 0`

## How to Run
### Running Command
To run the code, please first compile the code by

`make run`

Then, the code can be run by 

`./run -model IC -tau 0.01 -eps_MC 0.07 -delta_MC 0.01 -eta_0 0.1 -E_PCG 0`

### Options
-model. Specify which diffusion model to adopt. Possible values:

&emsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;$\cdot$ IC: the diffusion model is independent cascade model.

&emsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;$\cdot$ LT: the diffusion model is linear threshold model.

-tau. Corresponds to the estimation error $\tau$ of cRR-sets.

-eps_MC. Corresponds to the estimation error $\lambda$ of a collection of MRR-sets.

-delta_MC. The failure probability of MRR-sets estimating $P[I(S)>\eta]$.

-eta_0. Specify the influence threshold $\eta=n\cdot (eta\_0+0.02)$;

-Rnd_cost. Specify which cost file to apply. Possible values:

&emsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;$\cdot$ 0: take the cost file generated from the degree-based cost model, where $c(u)=0.01(d_{\text{in}}(u)+1)$.

&emsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;$\cdot$ 1: take the cost file generated from the random cost model, where $c(u)\sim U(0,1)$.

-E_PCG. Specify which algorithm to run. Possible values:

&emsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;$\cdot$ 0: run the algorithm $\texttt{SCORE}$ for MCSS-PCG.

&emsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;$\cdot$ 1: run the algorithm $\texttt{CLEAR}$ for MCSS-ECG.


### Results

The result is presented in the following format: 
>(dataset, eta, algorithm, total cost, probability, running time, simulated influence).


<!--
To run the code, please first generate the costs of users by compiling `Gene_cost.cpp` with command `g++ Gene_cost.cpp -o cost.out`, and executing `./cost.out`. Further, the serialized format is applied to accelerate reading large graphs. Thus, please set the parameter `format_graph=1` in `run.cpp` to generate the serialized reverse graph, and set `format_graph=2` to generate the serialized original graph. 

With the above work done, the reviewers may compile the main file `run.cpp` with command `make run`, and run our algorithms with command `./run`. Meanwhile, numerous arguments are provided for selection. For example, `E_PCG` is set to choose which algorithm to run, and `eta_0` is the proportion of users to be influenced.
-->
